README.md, before:

# OpenCV Face Recognition
This OpenCV application can detect and recognize your face, in real-time (using a webcam).

All you have to do is follow these steps:
1. Change the `sub_dataset` variable (in the `create_data.py` file) to the name of the person whose face you're going to store.
2. Run `create_data.py` and wait for it to complete. *Look into the camera and do this in a room with decent lighting.*
3. If everything goes well, you may run `face_recognize.py` and watch it detect and recognize your face! *It may take a while to train the classifier depending on a number of factors (i.e: size of your datasets, your hardware, etc.)* 

### Tips:
1. I recommend that you have multiple sub datasets of your face created with different lighting, face angle, etc. You can achieve this by putting spaces after your name in the `create_data.py` file.
2. When you run `face_recognize.py`, look at your camera and sit in the position you did when you created your face's dataset(s).
3. If you want to increase the chance of your face being recognized, create multiple sub datsets of your face.
4. You can also increase the number of pictures per sub dataset by changing the number in the while loop in the `create_data.py` file. This may also increase the chance of your face being recognized.

### Tested using:
```
- Python 3.5.2
- OpenCV 3.4.3.18
- NumPy 1.15.1
- elementary OS 0.4.1 Loki (Ubuntu 16.04.5 - Linux 4.15.0-46-generic)
```

Commit message:

add demo and update README
add a demo image and update the README to include it

Signed-off-by: Abdullah F. Khan <abdullahkhan0503@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# OpenCV Face Recognition
This OpenCV application can detect and recognize your face, in real-time (using a webcam).

![demo image](face-recognition_demo.png)

To run it yourself, follow these steps:
1. Change the `sub_dataset` variable (in the `create_data.py` file) to the name of the person whose face you're going to store.
2. Run `create_data.py` and wait for it to complete. Look into the camera at a few different angles and do this in a room with decent lighting.
3. If everything goes well, you may run `face_recognize.py` and watch it detect and recognize your face! It may take a while to train the classifier depending on a number of factors (size of your datasets, your hardware, etc.)

### Tips:
1. I recommend that you have multiple sub datasets of your face created with different lighting, face angle, etc. You can achieve this by putting spaces after your name in the `create_data.py` file.
2. When you run `face_recognize.py`, look at your camera and sit in the position you did when you created your face's dataset(s).
3. If you want to increase the chance of your face being recognized, create multiple sub datsets of your face.
4. You can also increase the number of pictures per sub dataset by changing the number in the while loop in the `create_data.py` file. This may also increase the chance of your face being recognized.

### Tested using:
```
- Python 3.5.2
- OpenCV 3.4.3.18
- NumPy 1.15.1
- elementary OS 0.4.1 Loki (Ubuntu 16.04.5 - Linux 4.15.0-46-generic)
```
